

---

lang: xx
community: guide
type: tools
legacy: True
child: True
os: windows
weight: 6
depth: 3
title: FAQ

---

## 7. FAQ ##

<div class="background" markdown="1"> 
***Q: What happens if I just install Enigmail and not Gpg4win or GnuPG?***

***A**: **Enigmail** just won't work. After all, it's the **GnuPG** software in Gpg4win that provides the encryption engine that **Enigmail** uses.*

***Q: How many email accounts can I set up in Thunderbird?***

***A**: As many as you like! **Thunderbird** is an email manager and can easily handle 20 or more email accounts.* 

***Q: My friend has a Riseup and Gmail account. Should I convince him to install Thunderbird, Enigmail and GnuPG?*** 

***A**: That would be ideal. Just make sure he configures all of his security settings in exactly the same way as you did. Then the two of you will have an extremely effective way of communicating in privacy and safety!*

***Q: Remind me one more time, which parts of an email message does Enigmail encrypt?***

***A**: **Enigmail** encrypts the content of the message. It doesn't encrypt the subject line of the message, your email address or the name you chose to associate with that email account. So, if you're trying to send a confidential message, make sure the subject line doesn't give you away! And, if you want to stay anonymous, avoid displaying or even using your real name when you create your email account.* 

***Q: I still don't understand the purpose of digitally signing my messages.***

***A**: A digital signature proves that you're the real sender of a particular message and that the message hasn't been tampered with on its way to your intended recipient. Think of it as the electronic equivalent of the wax seal on an envelope, which contains a very important letter. You should always sign your email, especially your encrypted email and emails with links or attachments.*

***Q: My contact received my email but it's blank with two attachments, one of them called 'encrypted.asc'. How do they open it?***

***A**: Your contact needs to open the email in **Thunderbird**. If they are using another encrypted email program, such as **Mailvelope** for a web browser or **K-9 Mail** for Android, they can manually decrypt the encrypted.asc file but you will need to proactively send them **inline PGP** emails rather than **PGP/MIME** as those programs do not have robust **PGP/MIME** functionality. Be aware that **inline PGP** does not protect the name or number of attachments.*

***Q: We use a Microsoft Exchange server in our office, Thunderbird isn't successfully connecting to it. What's wrong?***

***A**: If your organization or a contractor runs the Exchange server you can enable **IMAP/SMTP** on the server to make sure Thunderbird can communicate with it, see Microsoft's [instructions for Exchange 2013](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb124489%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).*

***Q: My contact has to use Microsoft Outlook, but I want to use encrypted email with them. What do we do?***

***A**: Your contact could set up a personal email account to use email encryption following this guide. If they must use Microsoft Outlook, re-run the gpg4win installation wizard and select **GpgOL**, which integrates GPG functionality into Outlook 2003/2007. If they use Outlook 2010/2013/2016, try the [**Outlook Privacy Plugin**](https://dejavusecurity.github.io/OutlookPrivacyPlugin/). Your success with these tools may vary -- since Outlook is not a free and open source program, it is more difficult to integrate this functionality into it.*

</div>

